README.md, before:

## OTGLite = Online Txt Grabee(short for "Grab Bee"):bee: Lite Edition.

Fetch web page, convert the content to the plain text, then save to SQLite3 database/TXT files, including a simple txt file management, db management and logging system. This is a **page crawler**🔍 try by node.js 😊

__Framework: Node + Express + JQuery__

__Dev tool: VS Code + SQLite3__

Work for following website:
- [www.xiaoshuo240.cn](www.xiaoshuo240.cn)	example link: http://www.xiaoshuo240.cn/book/1003/860406.html
- [www.qingyunian.net](www.qingyunian.net)	example link: http://www.qingyunian.net/54.html
- [m.biqugex.com](https://m.biqugex.com)	example link: https://m.biqugex.com/book_10611/5709649.html
- [m.booktxt.net](https://m.booktxt.net)	example link: https://m.booktxt.net/wapbook/1722_564289.html
- [m.wangshu.la](http://m.wangshu.la)	example link: http://m.wangshu.la/book-8850/2017665.html
- [m.xinshubao.net](https://k.xinshubao.net)	example link: https://k.xinshubao.net/1/1668/92947.html

***

Change Log：

- Alpha version release date : 22 Dec 2018

- Project start date : 08 Dec 2018

Commit message:

npm rebuild and start \@ 2024, as well as revise README.md

README.md, after:

## OTGLite = Online Txt Grabee(short for "Grab Bee"):bee: Lite Edition.

### Intro:

Fetch web page, convert the content to the plain text, then save to SQLite3 database/TXT files, including a simple txt file management, db management and logging system. This is a **page crawler**🔍 try by node.js 😊

__Node.js: v14 (Newer version might be incompatible)__

__Main dev tools:__

- __Express: v4__
 
- __JQuery: v3__

- __SQL library: better-sqlite3 v5__

---

<br>

Workable website list:

- [www.qingyunian.net](www.qingyunian.net)	example link: http://www.qingyunian.net/54.html

Page format os websites below had been changed, yet to support. 

- [m.biqugex.com](https://m.biqugex.com)	example link: https://m.biqugex.com/book_10611/5709649.html
- [m.booktxt.net](https://m.booktxt.net)	example link: https://m.booktxt.net/wapbook/1722_564289.html
- [m.wangshu.la](http://m.wangshu.la)	example link: http://m.wangshu.la/book-8850/2017665.html

### Important notes:

In case you want to install or rebuild this application on another computer, you are supposed to use `nvm` to maintain a suitable node.js version to rebuild it.  On my case, I am failed to rebuild the application on node.js v21 framework, and I rebuild it successfully when I use `nvm` to change to node.js v14 framework though.

A good idea is to use a older version node.js (v14, v13, v12...)  to install or rebuild this elder application. Too many changes have occured on newer version of node.js, that makes it doesn't fit for the elder application. 😉 

`nvm`: Node Version Manager. check it out on [https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)


---

### Change Log:

- Alpha version release date : 22 Dec 2018

- Project start date : 08 Dec 2018
